Question:What is Emmet?
Ans: Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for high speed coding. 
     It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full piece of code.
     With the help of Emmet developers can save keystrokes and time.

Question:Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans:   difference between a library and a framework is “Inversion of Control”. When you call a method from a library, you are in control. But with a framework, the control is inverted: the framework calls you

main difference is that frameworks follow the "Hollywood principle", i.e. "don't call us, we'll call you.",Framework call us.
     A library, programmer calls the library.


Question:What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans: A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.

Question:Why React is React?
Ans: React makes it painless to create interactive UIs. Design simple views for each state in your application, and React will efficiently update and render just the right components when your data changes. Declarative views make your code more predictable and easier to debug.


Question:What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans:The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain.
    It is used to handle the CORS(Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) request that checks whether it is safe to allow for sharing the resources from other domains.

Question:What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans:React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.
   

Question:What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans:The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those
    builds.The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine.


Question:What is async and defer?
Ans: Async - means execute code when it is downloaded and do not block DOM construction during downloading process. Defer - means execute code after it's downloaded and browser finished DOM construction and rendering process.